Add Chef 15.3 release notes (#8860)
chef/chef: RELEASE_NOTES.md

## Updated Resources

### ifconfig

The `if_config` resource has been updated to properly support interfaces with a hyphen in their name. This is most commonly encountered with bridge interfaces that are named `br-1234`.

## Platform Support Updates

### macOS 10.15 Support

Chef Infra Client is now validated against macOS 10.15 (Catalina) with packages now available at [downloads.chef.io](https://downloads.chef.io/) and via the [Omnitruck API](https://docs.chef.io/api_omnitruck.html). Additionally Chef Infra Client will no longer be validated against macOS 10.12.

### AIX 7.2

Chef Infra Client is now validated against AIX 7.2 with packages now available at [downloads.chef.io](https://downloads.chef.io/) and via the [Omnitruck API](https://docs.chef.io/api_omnitruck.html).

## Chef InSpec 4.16

Chef InSpec has been updated from 4.10.4 to 4.16.0 with the following changes:

- A new `postfix_conf` for inspecting Postfix configuration files
- A new `plugins` section to the InSpec configuration file which can be used to pass secrets or other configuration into Chef InSpec plugins

> - The `service` resource now includes a new `startname` property for determining the user Windows servies are starting as.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `service` resource now includes a new `startname` property for determining which user is starting the Windows services.
```

## Updated Resources

### ifconfig

The `if_config` resource has been updated to properly support interfaces with a hyphen in their name. This is most commonly encountered with bridge interfaces that are named `br-1234`.

### archive_file

The `archive_file` now supports archives in the RAR 5.0 format as well as zip files compressed using xz, lzma, ppmd8 and bzip2 compression.

## Platform Support Updates

### macOS 10.15 Support

Chef Infra Client is now validated against macOS 10.15 (Catalina) with packages now available at [downloads.chef.io](https://downloads.chef.io/) and via the [Omnitruck API](https://docs.chef.io/api_omnitruck.html). Additionally Chef Infra Client will no longer be validated against macOS 10.12.

### AIX 7.2

Chef Infra Client is now validated against AIX 7.2 with packages now available at [downloads.chef.io](https://downloads.chef.io/) and via the [Omnitruck API](https://docs.chef.io/api_omnitruck.html).

## Chef InSpec 4.16

Chef InSpec has been updated from 4.10.4 to 4.16.0 with the following changes:

> - A new `postfix_conf` for inspecting Postfix configuration files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new `postfix_conf` has been added for inspecting Postfix configuration files.
```

> - A new `plugins` section to the InSpec configuration file which can be used to pass secrets or other configuration into Chef InSpec plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new `plugins` section has been added to the InSpec configuration file which can be used to pass secrets or other configurations into Chef InSpec plugins.
```

- The `service` resource now includes a new `startname` property for determining the user Windows servies are starting as.

> - The `groups` resource now properly gathers membership information on macOS hosts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `groups` resource now properly gathers membership information on macOS hosts.
```
